README.md, before:

# Trackgenix S.A
The company Trackgenix SA provides software development services to other companies.
In the development of a web system which we will call "Trackgenix" that will facilitate the
registration of hours worked by each employee in each project and work team, we must start with the
HTML structure of the landing page of the system requested by the company.
## Usage
To enter the project index, download the entire project from the github repo. Both index and assets. Once downloaded, click on the index and it will open the project on the browser from the local file.

You can also use this [link](https://martindidoli.github.io/BaSP-M2022-Etapa-1/semana-04/index.html) to visualize the page.

To visualize the exercises done on the fifth week click on this [link](https://martindidoli.github.io/BaSP-M2022-Etapa-1/semana-05/index.html).
### Week 02
We did the HTML for the landing page of Trackgenix SA
### Week 03
We did the CSS for the landing page of Trackgenix SA
### Week 04
We did the CSS for the landing page of Trackgenix SA using Flexbox
### Week 05
We fixed the CSS from the fourth week and did 6 exercises with JavaScript.

_By Martín Didoli_

Commit message:

BaSP-W06-2022: Folder from week 6 created

README.md, after:

# Trackgenix S.A
The company Trackgenix SA provides software development services to other companies.
In the development of a web system which we will call "Trackgenix" that will facilitate the
registration of hours worked by each employee in each project and work team, we must start with the
HTML structure of the landing page of the system requested by the company.
## Usage
To enter the project index, download the entire project from the github repo. Once downloaded, click on the index and it will open the project on the browser from the local file.

You can also use this [link](https://martindidoli.github.io/BaSP-M2022-Etapa-1/semana-06/views/) to visualize the pages.

To visualize the exercises done on the fifth week click on this [link](https://martindidoli.github.io/BaSP-M2022-Etapa-1/semana-05/index.html).
### Week 02
We did the HTML for the landing page of Trackgenix SA
### Week 03
We did the CSS for the landing page of Trackgenix SA
### Week 04
We did the CSS for the landing page of Trackgenix SA using Flexbox
### Week 05
We fixed the CSS from the fourth week and did 6 exercises with JavaScript.
### Week 06
We did the sign up and login pages with their respectives javascript for each one.

_By Martín Didoli_
